semester in high school
Josie Geller you enroll Friday you are
looking at the newest undercover
reporter for the Chicago sun-times
you're kidding right Josie do you
remember high school okay feeling good
welcome to Shakespeare's as you like are
you sure you're 17 I'm 17
she's never been hit this is where the
stories are she's never been cool you'll
become friends with these people are you
in special ed and she's never been sexy
you'll party with them you'll rave with
them until now all you need is one
person to think you're cool and you're
it you can't just come in here be
popular in one day
you guys know that girl if Josie Geller
she used to date the drummer from the
Big Bad Voodoo Daddy shut up it's true
so let's hear it i'm not josie grossy
anymore
[Applause]
twentieth Century Fox presents guy is
totally crouching on you drew barrymore
do I want to be crunched in a story
about getting a second chance I've
waited my whole life to fit in and I
finally feel like I do to make a first
impression you've been hiding something
from everyone
I've just guys I just haven't felt that
thing when you're my age guys will be
lined up around the block for you you
have to say that it's your main feature
actually I shouldn't say that because
I'm your teacher
[Music]
ever been kissed I think I'm totally